Firebase InAppMessaging KTX extensions docs (#957)
firebase/firebase-android-sdk: docs/ktx/fiam.md

> # InAppMessaging Kotlin Extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In-App Messaging Kotlin Extensions
```

## Getting Started

> To use the Firebase InAppMessaging Android SDK with Kotlin Extensions, add the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Firebase In-App Messaging Android SDK with Kotlin Extensions, add the following
```
